readonly: add page (#10786)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/readonly.md

# readonly

> > Create or modify read-only variables within a shell script, preventing the variable changed by subsequent commands.
> > This is useful when you want to ensure that a variable retains a constant value throughout the execution of a script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Create or modify read-only variables within a shell script, preventing the variable from being changed by subsequent commands.
> This is useful when you want to ensure that a variable retains a constant value throughout the execution of a script.
```

> More information: <https://manned.org/readonly.1p>.

> - To create a read-only variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a read-only variable:
```

`readonly {{variable_name}}={{value}}`

> - To mark a variable as read-only:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mark a variable as read-only:
```

# readonly

> > In Linux, the readonly command is used to create or modify read-only variables within a shell script.
> > When a variable is marked as read-only using readonly, its value cannot be changed or modified by subsequent commands within the script.
> > This can be useful when you want to ensure that a variable retains a constant value throughout the execution of a script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Create or modify read-only variables within a shell script, preventing the variable changed by subsequent commands.
> This is useful when you want to ensure that a variable retains a constant value throughout the execution of a script.
```

> > More information: <https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/readonly.1p.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/readonly.1p>.
```
We currently use manned.org for manpage links. See #5143.

Author: pushed the changes @reinhart1010

Author: This is also done @reinhart1010

- To create a read-only variable:

`readonly {{variable_name}}={{value}}`

- To mark a variable as read-only:

`readonly {{existing_variable}}`

> - Write to the standard output the names and values of all read-only variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [p]rint to the standard output the names and values of all read-only variables:
```
Maybe this work better?

Author: Yes thanks for the suggestion @reinhart1010
